pages/works/index.md, before:

- [観測の部屋 / Room of Observation](/pages/works/room-of-observation.md)
- [住人たち / Residents](/pages/works/residents.md)
- [潮（六本木） / Tide (Roppongi)](/pages/works/ushio-rpng.md)
- [潮（六本木）- 右か左かみんなで決める / Tide (Roppongi) - Decide right or left with everyone](/pages/works/ushio-rpng-walk.md)
- [Instant Sympathy](/pages/works/sympathy.md)
- [菅野歩美個展『Boaring Process たいくつな掘削かてい』 / Ayumi Kanno Solo Exhibition "Boarding Process"](/pages/works/caf-kanno.md)
- [Another Skin 川島史也の彫刻 / Another Skin: Sculptures by KAWASHIMA Fumiya](/pages/works/kwsm.md)
- [Baby Guardian - 転写と置換 / Baby Guardian - Trace and Replacement](/pages/works/kamine-baby.md)
- [カリヨン / Carillon](/pages/works/carillon.md)
- [つくば SKIP アカデミー 募集フライヤー / Tsukuba SKIP Academy Recruitment Flyer](/pages/works/skip24.md)
- [中高生のための研究サポート動画 / Introduction of Academic Study for Junior Highschool and Highschool Students](/pages/works/gfest-guide-video.md)
- [Layers](/pages/works/layers.md)
- [潮（亀山） / Tide (Kameyama)](/pages/works/ushio-kameyama.md)
- [つくば SKIP アカデミー プログラミング実習 2022 \ "Programming Workshop 2022: Tsukuba SKIP Academy](/pages/works/skip-ws-22.md)
- [筑波大学アート・コレクション展『Perspective －視点を変えて「み」る－』 / Collection Gallery of University Tsukuba "Perspective"](/pages/works/ut-collection-perspective.md)
- [潮（真壁） / Tide (Makabe)](/pages/works/ushio-makabe.md)
- [おとしもの / The Lost Thing](/pages/works/the-lost-thing.md)
- [リズム / Rhythm](/pages/works/ri.md)
- [BEAUTIFULL Image Generator](/pages/works/fyb.md)
- [Twinkle](/pages/works/twinkle.md)
- [バトコレ / Battle Collection](/pages/works/battle-collection.md)
- [Study Works](/pages/works/study.md)

Commit message:

feat: Add /works/{suzuna,nils}

pages/works/index.md, after:

- [観測の部屋 / Room of Observation](/pages/works/room-of-observation.md)
- [住人たち / Residents](/pages/works/residents.md)
- [潮（六本木） / Tide (Roppongi)](/pages/works/ushio-rpng.md)
- [人形劇団むすび座『ニルスのふしぎな旅』 / Puppet Theater MUSUBI-ZA "The Wonderful Adventure of Nils"](/pages/works/nils.md)
- [人形劇団むすび座『小さな山神スズナ姫』 / Puppet Theater MUSUBI-ZA "Princess Suzuna, The Little God of Mountain"](/pages/works/suzuna.md)
- [潮（六本木）- 右か左かみんなで決める / Tide (Roppongi) - Decide right or left with everyone](/pages/works/ushio-rpng-walk.md)
- [Instant Sympathy](/pages/works/sympathy.md)
- [菅野歩美個展『Boaring Process たいくつな掘削かてい』 / Ayumi Kanno Solo Exhibition "Boarding Process"](/pages/works/caf-kanno.md)
- [Another Skin 川島史也の彫刻 / Another Skin: Sculptures by KAWASHIMA Fumiya](/pages/works/kwsm.md)
- [Baby Guardian - 転写と置換 / Baby Guardian - Trace and Replacement](/pages/works/kamine-baby.md)
- [カリヨン / Carillon](/pages/works/carillon.md)
- [つくば SKIP アカデミー 募集フライヤー / Tsukuba SKIP Academy Recruitment Flyer](/pages/works/skip24.md)
- [中高生のための研究サポート動画 / Introduction of Academic Study for Junior Highschool and Highschool Students](/pages/works/gfest-guide-video.md)
- [Layers](/pages/works/layers.md)
- [潮（亀山） / Tide (Kameyama)](/pages/works/ushio-kameyama.md)
- [つくば SKIP アカデミー プログラミング実習 2022 \ "Programming Workshop 2022: Tsukuba SKIP Academy](/pages/works/skip-ws-22.md)
- [筑波大学アート・コレクション展『Perspective －視点を変えて「み」る－』 / Collection Gallery of University Tsukuba "Perspective"](/pages/works/ut-collection-perspective.md)
- [潮（真壁） / Tide (Makabe)](/pages/works/ushio-makabe.md)
- [おとしもの / The Lost Thing](/pages/works/the-lost-thing.md)
- [リズム / Rhythm](/pages/works/ri.md)
- [BEAUTIFULL Image Generator](/pages/works/fyb.md)
- [Twinkle](/pages/works/twinkle.md)
- [バトコレ / Battle Collection](/pages/works/battle-collection.md)
- [Study Works](/pages/works/study.md)
