pages/works/ushio-rpng.md, before:

---
title_en: Tide (Roppongi)
title_ja: 潮（六本木）
creator: Kazumi Inada
materials: Installation
year: 2023
tags: art installation ushio
thumbnail: /assets/works/ushio-rpng/center_1.jpg
release: 2023-02-18
---

『潮』は、社会統計データから生成された仮想の地形を用いて、地理空間に横たわる不可視な流れを考察しようとする取り組みです。

本シリーズの制作は、場所に紐付けることができる社会統計データをそれぞれの地点の「標高」とした、仮想の地形モデルを生成することを核とします。たとえば地価統計のデータでは、統計が取られた地点ごとに、価格の相対的な高低を地形上の高さに変換しています。得られたまばらな点の間を数理的に補完することで、地形の「地面」ができます。この展示を構成する作品はすべて同じ単一のモデルの見せ方を、さまざまに変化させて作られています。

本作では複数のデータセットを組み合わせて地形を生成し、その上に水や土砂を思わせる粒子を流すシミュレーションの様子を提示します。経済・環境・情報など異なる切り口で社会を表すデータを複合的に重ねるにつれ、地形は有機的で解像度の高いものとなり、自然の産物のような複雑性が徐々に現れます。

制作にかかる数理的な処理はコンピュータアルゴリズムで実装されており、地形・稜線・粒子の流れは、作家の主観的意思を介することなく生成されています。鑑賞者の目に直接触れることこそありませんが、モデルを生み出しているこれらのシステムこそが、《潮》のまさに主体であると言えます。

"Tide" is an initiative that seeks to examine the invisible currents that lie in geographic space using virtual topography generated from socio-demographic data.

The core of the production of this series is the generation of a virtual topographic model using sociostatistical data that can be tied to a location as the "elevation" of each point. For example, for land price statistics, the relative highs and lows of prices are converted into topographic elevations for each point for which statistics are taken. Mathematical completion between the resulting sparse points creates a topographic "floor". All of the works in this exhibition are created by varying the representation of the same single model.

This work combines multiple data sets to create a topography and presents a simulation of flowing particles reminiscent of water and sediment above it. As data representing society from different perspectives (economic, environmental, informational, etc.) are combined and layered, the terrain becomes organic and highly resolved, gradually revealing a complexity that is a product of nature.

The mathematical processes involved in the production are implemented by computer algorithms, and the topography, ridges, and flow of particles are generated without the intervention of the artist's subjective will. Although not directly visible to the viewer, these systems that generate the models are the very subjects of "Tide".

[![](/assets/works/ushio-rpng/center_1.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEP-CgjoFxk)

![](/assets/works/ushio-rpng/center_1.jpg)

![](/assets/works/ushio-rpng/center_0.jpg)

![](/assets/events/caf-ushio/view_0.jpg)

![](/assets/works/ushio-rpng/left_0.jpg)

![](/assets/events/caf-ushio/view_1.jpg)

![](/assets/works/ushio-rpng/right_0.jpg)

![](/assets/events/caf-ushio/view_2.jpg)

Commit message:

feat: Add assets from /events/caf-ushio (#13)

pages/works/ushio-rpng.md, after:

---
title_en: Tide (Roppongi)
title_ja: 潮（六本木）
creator: Kazumi Inada
materials: Installation
year: 2023
tags: art installation ushio
thumbnail: /assets/works/ushio-rpng/center_1.jpg
release: 2023-02-18
---

『潮』は、社会統計データから生成された仮想の地形を用いて、地理空間に横たわる不可視な流れを考察しようとする取り組みです。

本シリーズの制作は、場所に紐付けることができる社会統計データをそれぞれの地点の「標高」とした、仮想の地形モデルを生成することを核とします。たとえば地価統計のデータでは、統計が取られた地点ごとに、価格の相対的な高低を地形上の高さに変換しています。得られたまばらな点の間を数理的に補完することで、地形の「地面」ができます。展示を構成する作品はすべて同じ単一のモデルの見せ方を、さまざまに変化させて作られています。

本作では複数のデータセットを組み合わせて地形を生成し、その上に水や土砂を思わせる粒子を流すシミュレーションの様子を提示します。経済・環境・情報など異なる切り口で社会を表すデータを複合的に重ねるにつれ、地形は有機的で解像度の高いものとなり、自然の産物のような複雑性が徐々に現れます。

制作にかかる数理的な処理はコンピュータアルゴリズムで実装されており、地形・稜線・粒子の流れは、作家の主観的意思を介することなく生成されています。鑑賞者の目に直接触れることこそありませんが、モデルを生み出しているこれらのシステムこそが、《潮》のまさに主体であると言えます。

"Tide" is an initiative that seeks to examine the invisible currents that lie in geographic space using virtual topography generated from socio-demographic data.

The core of the production of this series is the generation of a virtual topographic model using sociostatistical data that can be tied to a location as the "elevation" of each point. For example, for land price statistics, the relative highs and lows of prices are converted into topographic elevations for each point for which statistics are taken. Mathematical completion between the resulting sparse points creates a topographic "floor". All of the works are created by varying the representation of the same single model.

This work combines multiple data sets to create a topography and presents a simulation of flowing particles reminiscent of water and sediment above it. As data representing society from different perspectives (economic, environmental, informational, etc.) are combined and layered, the terrain becomes organic and highly resolved, gradually revealing a complexity that is a product of nature.

The mathematical processes involved in the production are implemented by computer algorithms, and the topography, ridges, and flow of particles are generated without the intervention of the artist's subjective will. Although not directly visible to the viewer, these systems that generate the models are the very subjects of "Tide".

[![](/assets/works/ushio-rpng/center_1.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEP-CgjoFxk)

[![](/assets/events/caf-ushio/interview_0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aa8_Xgpr9vo)

![](/assets/works/ushio-rpng/center_1.jpg)

![](/assets/works/ushio-rpng/center_0.jpg)

![](/assets/events/caf-ushio/view_0.jpg)

![](/assets/works/ushio-rpng/left_0.jpg)

![](/assets/events/caf-ushio/view_1.jpg)

![](/assets/works/ushio-rpng/right_0.jpg)

![](/assets/events/caf-ushio/view_2.jpg)

[『潮』展 (2023)](/pages/events/caf-ushio.md)関連イベントで開催されたトークセッションの様子がご覧いただけます。

The recording of the talk session at [exhibition "Ushio" (2023)](/pages/events/caf-ushio.md) is available.

[![](/assets/events/caf-ushio/talk_0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLxmK3oVGL0)
